Name: Mehrab Mehdi Islam
Student ID: 1545664

Project Title : Bugs

Description:
You control a wizard with your mouse. There will be a giant centipede that will
gradually move downwards. Left-click or press the space bar to shoot bolts of
magic to destroy it. Whenever you shoot it, it will split in two and you will
gain 10 points. Tick (Blue circular insects) will also come from the top of
the screen. Shooting them will grant 50 points. Spiders will come from the
sides and move randomly. Killing them will grant 20 points.
If you successfully kill the centipede, It will spawn again with one more as
its companion.
If you are hit with any bug, you will die and be taken to the game over screen.

Instructions :
To run the game, type "python3 Bugs.py".
This will take you to the main menu screen which will have three options.
The first will start the game, the second will take you to instructions and
the third will reset the high scores. The scores will not disappear immediately
so you can take a look at them for one last time as the next time
you visit this screen they will be gone.


Different Files:
Bugs.py contains the main code for the game
The images and sounds folders contains all the images and sounds.
The images are in .gif and .png format.
The sounds and music are in .wav and .mp3 format.
Background.py contains a class that takes the background image and loads it
Centipede_part.py contains a class that takes in the centipede image and also
controls all the movement for the centipede (hitting the wall and mushrooms and
changing directions)
Highscore.py contains a class that uses highscore.txt to record the scores.
The scores from the Bugs.py are saved and entered into highscore.txt as strings.
It also contains a function can display the top scores onto the screen.
Spider.py and Tick.py contain their respective classes and contain functions
for their movement and removal (off screen)


References:
blit_text function was taken from:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42014195/rendering-text-with-multiple-lines-in-pygame?rq=1

Music and fx were taken from:
https://downloads.khinsider.com/

Wizard, background and spider were taken from Google Images

Centipede, tick and all mushroom states were created using Paint

Special Features:
The mushrooms image changes every time it is shot so the user knows how
destroyed it is. After the 4th shot, it will be completely destroyed
The centipede is able to split into 2 whenever it is shot in the middle and
moves in the opposite direction.
It finds where to split by using an algorithm similar to binary
search.
Sound effects were added to almost everything, including killing the BUGS
destroying the mushrooms, and even the attack release sounds were added.
Game-play music was also added to make the experience more seamless.
